feat(android): Add autoinstallation sections for okhttp, fragment and timber (#4834)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber.mdx

</Note>

> ## Automatically with the Sentry Android Gradle plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto-Installation With the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin
```

### Install

> Starting from version `3.1.0`, the Sentry Android Gradle plugin will automatically add the `sentry-android-timber` dependency. The plugin will only add the `sentry-android-timber` dependency in case a `timber` dependency was discovered on the classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version `3.1.0`, the Sentry Android Gradle plugin will automatically add the `sentry-android-timber` dependency. The plugin will only add the `sentry-android-timber` dependency if a `timber` dependency was discovered on the classpath.
```

Add the Sentry Android Gradle plugin in `build.gradle`:

```groovy
buildscript {
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()
  }
}

plugins {
  id "io.sentry.android.gradle" version "3.1.0-alpha.1"
}
```

```kotlin
buildscript {
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()
  }
}

plugins {
  id("io.sentry.android.gradle") version "3.1.0-alpha.1"
}
```

> and initialize the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, initialize the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/).
```

> Then, initialize the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/).

Author: ```suggestion
Then, initialize the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/#configure).
```

> The Android SDK automatically adds the `SentryTimberIntegration`, if the `sentry-android-timber` dependency was found on the classpath. The integration is added with `minEventLevel` set to `ERROR` and `minBreadcrumbLevel` set to `INFO`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Android SDK automatically adds the `SentryTimberIntegration` if the `sentry-android-timber` dependency was found on the classpath. The integration is added with `minEventLevel` set to `ERROR` and `minBreadcrumbLevel` set to `INFO`. 
```

However, you can still override the default behaviour by adding your own instance of the `SentryTimberIntegration`. For that, refer to the [manual installation](/platforms/android/configuration/integrations/timber/#configure) section below.

> ## Manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manual Installation
```
